What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Initializing a repository creates a .git file that stores meta data. This meta data
is used to tell git which files to and not to track.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

Staging area is a temporary spot which stores and illustrates pending files to be
commited to the repository and that are in the active directory. The value is in that
the user can visualize and manage what is going into the repository on the next commit.
This helps the user organize better and have a better view of the project.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

You can use the staging area to carefully select which files are appropriate to be
allocated to a certain commit. This means you can move irrelevant files as well

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

Branches could be useful when working on very large features that are not related
to eachother, and possibly by several developers. This can help keep the work separated
until the appropriate time to merget them.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Because git is composed on the CLI which has very minimal visualizations. By diagraming
out the branch structure you view the concepts in a more tangible way.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

Merging two branches aligns two separate existences of code. It is easier to understand
the concept of the merge if we are able to visualize it before making a merge.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

Doing a merge automatically may not produce the final result that which you intend. But if
it is done right it can save time. Manually gives you more control but is prone to human
error and takes more time.
